sebastian
Any other drugs in the house? Think hard; your freedom depends on it. What about guns, you got any guns in the house? Here's your story - You woke up, you found her, that's all you know. Say it. Say it, please. I woke up I found her that's all I know. Say it. I woke up I found her, that's all I know. Again. Again. Again. 

Once you call it in, the people who show up with be with the office of medical investigations. it's primarily who you'll talk to. Police officers may arrive they may not, depends on how busy a morning they're having. Typically ODs are not a high priority call. There's nothing here to incriminate you, so I'd be amazed if you got placed under arrest. However, if you do, you say nothing. You tell them you just want your lawyer. And you call Saul Goodman. 

And do I need to state the obvious? I was not here. You put on a long sleeve shirt and cover those track marks on your arm. Count down from twenty, and then you dial. Hang tough, you're in the home stretch. 

Hello, Walter. You're never gonna pay 'em off, what's the point? The only thing left to do now is leave town, you understand? 

Hello, Walter. You're never gonna pay 'em off, what's the point? The only thing left to do now is leave town, you understand? 

I need your full attention, Saul. Jesse Pinkman current whereabouts. The sooner you tell me, the sooner you can get back to whatever the hell this is exactly. Whoa, you are good right there. Now lets both get comfortable. Now when I say I'm looking for Pinkman, we both know why, don't we. And you pretending otherwise only wastes my time and serves to annoy me. I trust the hole in the desert I'd leave you in. Don't make me beat you 'til your legs don't work. Now tell me where to find him, you know it's the right thing. 

I promise you this, either we're all going home or none of us are. Now settle down. On your feet.

Walter, you've been busy. You wanna put your arms out to the sides for me if you would? You know I haven't slept since Thursday? I was out all night cleaning up after you. I need my sleep. Mmm... yeah, funny how words can be so open to interpretation. You get your car fixed? You're gonna want to get your car fixed. Walter you've been busy. You wanna put you're arms out to the sides for me?
 Jonny
