I need support. Me! The almost 40-year old pregnant woman with the surprise baby on the way and the husband with lung cancer who disappears for hours on end. And I don't know where he goes and he barely even speaks to me anymore. With the moody son who does the same thing, and the overdrawn checking account, and the lukewarm water heater that leaks rusty looking crap and, and is rotting out the floor of the utility closet, and we can't even afford to fix it but Oh, I see, now I am supposed to go 'Hank, please what can I possibly do to further benefit my spoiled, kleptomaniac, bitch sister who somehow always manages to be the center of attention, cuz God knows, she is the one with the really important problems. 

Somehow, something tells me Hank is here because of you. And I'm not forgetting that. Walt, please, let's both of us stop trying to justify this whole thing and admit you're in danger! Someone has to protect this family from the man who protects this family. 

Yes, I do, I have... concerns. If we're going to go down this road and clearly we are for the sake of my brother-in-law. At any rate, I need some assurances that we're going to go about this in a manner that is extremely safe and cautious. You know, I'm a bookkeeper so I know what money laundering is. And uh... as with most things, the devil is in the details. So to begin with, what are we saying is the source of this money? 

That's, um... gosh, that's uh, wow. How is that even possible? Huh! I guess so. Um... is that yours, outside? Yeah, right. So the... IRS stuff - that's resolved? So you paid them? When? There will never be a better deal, Ted. The deal is, you pay your back taxes, you pay your penalty and you don't go to prison. That's a good deal. So, let's keep our priorities straight here, right? 

I would greatly appreciate it if you would just, help me out here. Um, he's fine. No, absolutely not and I mean to keep it that way, so. Six-hundred and seventeen thousand dollars written out to me. Uh... what is this? Well, and why is that? It feels wrong. Uh huh. Well, um... Ted, the whole reason we're in this mess is because you had me cooking your books. So, when did wrong suddenly become a problem for you? 

No, Ted, this is the big mistake right here. You owe the federal government six-hundred and seventeen thousand dollars. If you do not pay them, they will come after you, and then they will come after me. And if they audit my business, find out that Walt and I paid for it with close to a million dollars in untaxed gambling winnings. We will go to prison, where you will already be. Do you understand? Oh my god, how are you not following me here? 

Then you don't owe them. So, if I'm... understanding you correctly, you're saying you can't take the money I gave you, but you can take a larger amount. Because it's not enough? Ted, are you blackmailing me? I think you're explaining it fine. I notice that uh... this is for less than what I gave you, by the way. And now that you know that you will of course be returning it? I don't want you to pay me, Ted. I want you to pay them. Try it again. Write a new check. Same amount, only this time, made payable, make it payable to the Internal Revenue Service. You have to. WRITE. IT. 

A tiara... a white gold tiara for a newborn baby. Yeah... you know, I think she got that at Gertrude Zachary's in Nob Hill. I mean that thing must have cost like what... five or six hundred dollars? I think I'm going to return it. Well, maybe I can explain to her that we need a diaper genie more than a white gold baby tiara. 

